engineering: Branch deployment with specific application by Vercel CLI (#207)
dwarvesf/brain: Engineering/DevOps/Deploy Branch with Vercel CLI.md

## Approach

The following steps outline the implementation approach:

1. Execute the turbo repo `build dry` in order to generate a JSON file containing details about the workspaces affected by changes in application or shared package dependencies.
2. For each step in the process of building the Vercel applications, analyze the packages listed in the `dry JSON` to identify the applications that need to be built.
3. Since the Vercel Deploy CLI lacks support for deploying to specific branches, an alternative method can be employed. Retrieve the Vercel Project Environment and configuration associated with the desired branch, and then use this information proceed to locally pre-build the application using within the GitHub Actions CI, and finally push the pre-built application to Vercel remotely.

## Implementation

The implementation of this approach consists of the following steps:

1. Setup Vercel Project Configuration for lately using on the vercel build with the build command, output direct, root directory and project environment matching with every single branch.
2. Setup Github Secrets and Variables to using in workflows.

> 3. We create a workflow to run turbo `dry json` to getting all the applications needs to be built by detecting the changes, you can dynamically add conditional to the jobs be for the build.

Reviewer: Did you mean the following?
```suggestion
3. We create a workflow to run turbo `dry json` to getting all the applications needs to be built by detecting the changes, You can dynamically add conditionals to the jobs before the build.
```
